We are all done with our admin panels.
Now is time to start to focus on the user experience or like the shopper experience.
So we need the ability to show out a list of products every product should have a button the user can
click to add it to a cart and then if a user clicks on the cart link up here at the top right hand side
we should show them a summary of all the different products they have.
Now one key aspect of this is that we need to have a good number of products inside of here that a user
can shop over.
So just to give you a kind of realistic development experience I sat down and created a new product
Scott Jace on file which you will find inside of a zip file attached to this lecture.
The file that you're going to download is called something like AECOM 0 8 1 products template does it.
So if you extract that file you're going to find a product not just on file inside there.
There is about 10 or 15 or so products inside there that have some reasonable images attached to each
one along with a reasonable title and price.
So we're gonna use this as essentially the starting data set for showing out all these different products
and eventually adding them to the cart.
Now of course you don't have to use this product not just on file I put together.
I just put this together so we can have some somewhat realistic data to work with okay.
So once you get that file get then going to open up our code editor this time around rather than opening
up both files and doing a copy paste.
It's gonna be a just a little bit easier to just open up our project directory directly so here we go
whereas it.
Yeah.
There we go.
Wait.
Wrong window.
There we go.
So here is my products dot J's on file inside of my project directory.
I'm going to delete the existing one and then drag and drop the new one into my project directory.
Now if I open up that new products dot Chase on file I'm going to see something at the very top like
winter gloves touch screen compatible and you can scroll through and see that there are in fact several
items inside of here along with the base64 encoded image for each product as well okay.
So now that we have some data to work with.
Once you go back over to your admin dashboard you should see a listing like this right here so if you
want to certainly feel free to go through and edit some titles at it some prices and change some images
if you want to.
So let's pause here we'll come back the next video and we'll start working on listing out all of our
different products for our users.